
Kannan, P.; Bala, P.S.; Aghila, G., "A comparative study of multimedia retrieval using ontology for semantic web," in Advances in Engineering, Science and Management (ICAESM), 2012 International Conference on , vol., no., pp.400-405, 30-31 March 2012
Abstract: Multimedia plays significant role in today's IT world. The revolution of multimedia makes it more familiar to the users because of its expressiveness. Multimedia has a wide range of application in many fields like e-learning, teleconferencing, online medical transcription, etc. Semantic web is an emerging technology to fulfill the user's needs. Over the past decade, lots of research is going on for retrieval of multimedia content in semantic web. This paper discusses various retrieval techniques of multimedia content using ontology for the semantic web. In addition, it discusses the advantages of Text, Image, Video and Audio based retrieval systems. It also presents an analysis based on its merits.
keywords: {multimedia computing;ontologies (artificial intelligence);semantic Web;video retrieval;audio based retrieval system;image based retrieval system;multimedia content retrieval;multimedia retrieval;ontology;semantic Web;text based retrieval system;video based retrieval system;Image segmentation;Multimedia communication;Ontologies;Semantics;Videos;Visualization;Multimedia;Ontology;Semantic Web;Semantic-based search},
URL: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org.huaryu.kl.oakland.edu/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6215632&isnumber=6215562

Jamalzadeh, M.; Behravan, N., "Using Semantic Web Ontologies for better inter-operability on social network sites," in Control System, Computing and Engineering (ICCSCE), 2011 IEEE International Conference on , vol., no., pp.103-108, 25-27 Nov. 2011
doi: 10.1109/ICCSCE.2011.6190504
Abstract: Nowadays, social web has been emerged to help people create and collect knowledge through online social network sites. Since these sites usually isolated from each other, semantic web tools are needed to inter-link social network sites. Ontologies and their classes/properties as semantic tools have been used to provide inter-operability among social network sites. Although many efforts have been gone on semantic web and use of ontologies, an exhaustive and applicable framework which aggregate ontologies is still scarce. In this study, we aim to provide a base-line for researchers creating such a framework by using FOAF, SIOC, SKOS, and DC. In addition, we present ontologies and their relationships to express semantic web in the realm of social network sites and concepts of inter-operability and user-generated content management.
keywords: {content management;ontologies (artificial intelligence);open systems;semantic Web;social networking (online);DC;FOAF;SIOC;SKOS;interlink social network sites;interoperability;online social network sites;semantic Web ontology;semantic tools;social Web;user-generated content management;Ontologies;Organizations;Resource description framework;Semantics;Social network services;Vocabulary;Ontology;semantic web;social network},
URL: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org.huaryu.kl.oakland.edu/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6190504&isnumber=6190479

Kumari, K.A.; Saranya, K.; Babu, B.; Sathasivam, G.S., "Ontology for semantic web using personalization," in Advances in Engineering, Science and Management (ICAESM), 2012 International Conference on , vol., no., pp.688-693, 30-31 March 2012
Abstract: Semantic web using personalization support to provide relevant search results for searcher. Ontology is an effective method for modelling digital collections and user contexts. User profiling is commonly employed nowadays to enhance usability as well as to support personalization, adaptivity and other user-centric features. This work aims at creating a user profile ontology that incorporates concepts and properties used to model the user profile. So far we create ontology for contents and location based on user profile. The inbuilt ontology helps to avoid the sparecity problem in the web and retrieve the user relevant information.
keywords: {information retrieval;ontologies (artificial intelligence);semantic Web;digital collection modelling;personalization;relevant search results;semantic web;sparecity problem;user context modelling;user profile ontology;user relevant information retrieval;Conferences;Context;Education;Intelligent agents;Knowledge based systems;Ontologies;Usability;Sparecity},
URL: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org.huaryu.kl.oakland.edu/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6215926&isnumber=6215562

Dana Dannélls, Mariana Damova, Ramona Enache, and Milen Chechev. 2012. Multilingual online generation from semantic web ontologies. In Proceedings of the 21st International Conference on World Wide Web (WWW '12 Companion). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 239-242. 
Abstract: In this paper we report on our ongoing work in the EU project Multilingual Online Translation (MOLTO), supported by the European Union Seventh Framework Programme under grant agreement FP7-ICT-247914. More specifically, we present work workpackage 8 (WP8): Case Study: Cultural Heritage. The objective of the work is to build an ontology-based multilingual application for museum information on the Web. Our approach relies on the innovative idea of Reason-able View of the Web of linked data applied to the domain of cultural heritage. We have been developing a Web application that uses Semantic Web ontologies for generating coherent multilingual natural language descriptions about museum objects. We have been experimenting with museum data to test our approach and find that it performs well for the examined languages.
DOI=http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2187980.2188018

Maybe?
Carlos R. Rivero, Inma Hernández, David Ruiz, and Rafael Corchuelo. 2011. On benchmarking data translation systems for semantic-web ontologies. In Proceedings of the 20th ACM international conference on Information and knowledge management (CIKM '11), Bettina Berendt, Arjen de Vries, Wenfei Fan, Craig Macdonald, Iadh Ounis, and Ian Ruthven (Eds.). ACM, New York, NY, USA, 1613-1618. 
Abstract: Data translation, also known as data exchange, is an integration task that aims at populating a target model using data from a source model. This task is gaining importance in the context of semantic-web ontologies due to the increasing interest in graph databases and semantic-web agents. Currently, there are a variety of semantic-web technologies that can be used to implement data translation systems. This makes it difficult to assess them from an empirical point of view. In this paper, we present a benchmark that provides a catalogue of seven data translation patterns that can be instantiated by means of seven parameters. This allows us to create a variety of synthetic, domain-independent scenarios one can use to test existing data translation systems. We also illustrate how to analyse three such systems using our benchmark. The main benefit of our benchmark is that it allows to compare data translation systems side by side within a homogeneous framework.
DOI=http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2063576.2063810 


